Supported resources reference
OpsCenter automatically creates a deep link to the primary resource page when you specify the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the following types of AWS resources. For example, if you specify the ARN of an EC2 instance in the Related Resources field, then OpsCenter creates a deep link to the information about that instance in the Amazon EC2 console. This enables you to view detailed information about your impacted AWS resources without having to leave OpsCenter. For more information about adding related resources, see Working with related resources.
Supported resources 



Resource name
ARN format




AWS Certificate Manager certificate
arn:aws:acm:region:account-id:certificate/certificate-id


Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling group
arn:aws:autoscaling:region:account-id:autoScalingGroup:groupid:autoScalingGroupName/groupfriendlyname


Amazon CloudFront distribution
arn:aws:cloudfront::account-id:*


AWS CloudFormation stack
arn:aws:cloudformation:region:account-id:stack/stackname/additionalidentifier


Amazon CloudWatch alarm
arn:aws:cloudwatch:region:account-id:alarm:alarm-name


AWS CloudTrail trail
arn:aws:cloudtrail:region:account-id:trail/trailname


AWS CodeBuild project
arn:aws:codebuild:region:account-id:resourcetype/resource


AWS CodePipeline
arn:aws:codepipeline:region:account-id:resource-specifier


Amazon DynamoDB table
arn:aws:dynamodb:region:account-id:table/tablename


Amazon EC2 customer gateway
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:customer-gateway/cgw-id


Amazon EC2 elastic IP
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:eip/eipalloc-id


Amazon EC2 dedicated host
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:dedicated-host/host-id


Amazon EC2 instance
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:instance/instance-id


Amazon EC2 internet gateway
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:internet-gateway/igw-id


Amazon EC2 network access control list (ACL)
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:network-acl/nacl-id


Amazon EC2 network interface
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:network-interface/eni-id


Amazon EC2 route table
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:route-table/route-table-id


Amazon EC2 security group
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:security-group/security-group-id


Amazon EC2 subnet
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:subnet/subnet-id


Amazon EC2 volume
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:volume/volume-id


Amazon EC2 VPC
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:vpc/vpc-id


Amazon EC2 VPN connection
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:vpn-connection/vpn-id


Amazon EC2 VPN gateway
arn:aws:ec2:region:account-id:vpn-gateway/vgw-id


AWS Elastic Beanstalk application
arn:aws:elasticbeanstalk:region:account-id:application/applicationname


Elastic Load Balancing (classic load balancer)
arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:region:account-id:loadbalancer/name


Elastic Load Balancing (application load balancer)
arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:region:account-id:loadbalancer/app/load-balancer-name/load-balancer-id


Elastic Load Balancing (network load balancer)
arn:aws:elasticloadbalancing:region:account-id:loadbalancer/net/load-balancer-name/load-balancer-id


AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) group
arn:aws:iam::account-id:group/group-name


IAM policy
arn:aws:iam::account-id:policy/policy-name


IAM role
arn:aws:iam::account-id:role/role-name


IAM user
arn:aws:iam::account-id:user/user-name


AWS Lambda function
arn:aws:lambda:region:account-id:function:function-name


Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) cluster
arn:aws:rds:region:account-id:cluster:db-cluster-name


Amazon RDS database instance
arn:aws:rds:region:account-id:db:db-instance-name


Amazon RDS subscription
arn:aws:rds:region:account-id:es:subscription-name


Amazon RDS security group
arn:aws:rds:region:account-id:secgrp:security-group-name


Amazon RDS cluster snapshot
arn:aws:rds:region:account-id:cluster-snapshot:cluster-snapshot-name


Amazon RDS subnet group
arn:aws:rds:region:account-id:subgrp:subnet-group-name


Amazon Redshift cluster
arn:aws:redshift:region:account-id:cluster:cluster-name


Amazon Redshift parameter group
arn:aws:redshift:region:account-id:parametergroup:parameter-group-name


Amazon Redshift security group
arn:aws:redshift:region:account-id:securitygroup:security-group-name


Amazon Redshift cluster snapshot
arn:aws:redshift:region:account-id:snapshot:cluster-name/snapshot-name


Amazon Redshift subnet group
arn:aws:redshift:region:account-id:subnetgroup:subnet-group-name


Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket
arn:aws:s3:::bucket_name


AWS Config recording of AWS Systems Manager managed instance inventory
arn:aws:ssm:region:account-id:managed-instance-inventory/instance_id


Systems Manager State Manager association
arn:aws:ssm:region:account-id:association/association_ID


